Career Objective
Seeking a position as a DBA in initiatives that utilize state-of-the-art, software and/or hardware components with a creative, technology-driven organization in an environment that encourages innovative thinking, recognition and career development.
Career Summary
An Innovative thinker with extensive experience designing, coding, testing and supporting the next generation database solution.
Possesses 3+ experience as DBA Administrator.
Proficient in technologies like DB2, Access, Sybase, JDBC, Visio.
Expert in technical problem solving skills.
Skilled in designing and implementing complete life cycle client servers and database applications with various development tools and languages.
In-depth understanding of security and backup procedures to ensure database integrity.
Personal Qualities
Strong motivational and leadership skills.
Excellent communication skills in written and verbal both.
Ability to produce the best result in pressure situation.
Ability to work in team as well as individual.
Key Responsibilities Handled
Created new database for the customer and export other monitoring scripts.
Implemented database refresh using full export for table level and full database defragmentation, resulting improved performance and effective space management.
Developed many crystal reports using T-SQL, JDE Report Design.
Managed and resolved design issues during development stage. Worked closely with developers.
Generated reports from the database using PL/SQL and SQL.
Added more new features to existing analysis software tools.
Trained a new DBA in our environment.
Technical Experience
Databases: MS-SQL, MySQL, DB2, Universal Database V8.1, Access, Lotus Notes, SAP, DPF
Operating Systems: Windows 2000 / 2003 / NT / XP, UNIX, Linux, Solaris
Languages: Java, JSP, JDBC, XML, HTML, C, C++, Perl, VB, NET, ASAP.NET
Achievements
Managed a million data-integration project for financial services firm that consolidated information from accounting applications, third-party market data and internal equities/fixed income applications.
Contributed to retailer's 12% revenue growth in 2010 by standardizing content from disparate databases, enabling sales and support staff to quickly respond to customer requests.
Employers
Working as DBA Developer in ASD Solutions from 2011 - Present.
Worked as DBA Developer in GHJ Solutions from 2009 - 2011.
Academia
B.Tech. in Computer Science
Personal Details
Date of Birth: 10th May 19XX
Address- DJBBHDB
Languages Known- Hindi, English