
Career Summary
Over SIX years’ of experience in IT Industry working as a DBA in Development.
Had done various projects using RMAN for Backup and recovery, Data guard for Disaster recovery, Installation, Configuration, Migration, upgrade, cloning, patching, Performance Tuning.
Excellent experience in Installation and configuration of different databases on Operating Systems UNIX and Windows platforms.
Planned and scheduled the Physical (Cold / Hot) backups as well as Logical backups.
Experience in management tools like Oracle Enterprise Manager, TOAD and SQL Developer.
Knowledge of Real Application Cluster (RAC).
Provided 24x7 Remote / on-call production supports.
Technical Skills
Operating System: Window NT 4.0, Solaris, Red Hat Linux 5.0, 5.4
RDBMS: Oracle 8i, 9iR2, 10gR1 & R2, 11gR1 & R2
Tuning Tool: TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN, AWR, ADDM
Backup Tool: Cold, Hot backup, RMAN, Import/Export
Tools: SQL Plus, Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM), SQL * Loader
Script: UNIX/Linux shell script
Language: SQL, PL/SQL, Java, VB
Web Technology: HTML, XML
Virtual Machine: VM Ware server 2.0 to 2.2, Oracle VM Virtual box 4.0
BPM: PEGA 5.5v
Professional Certification
Oracle 10g Certification
Professional Experience
Company : ASD, Mumbai Jan' 10 - Present
Role : Sr. Database Administrator

Responsibilities
Installed and configured Oracle Database on Red Hat Linux Advance Server on Development.
Involved in performance monitoring and tuning of the database.
Involved in backup and recovery tasks using RMAN.
Involved in disaster recovery planning.
Implemented database backups and disaster recovery strategies using RMAN. Developed technical documentation for disaster recovery.
Work beyond regular hours based on business demands. Provided 24x7 on-call production supports.
Environment: Oracle 11g, RMAN, Functions and Triggers,Linux Servers

Company : MNM Mumbai, May '07- December 2009
Role : Database Administrator

Responsibilities
Responsible for installing, upgrading and configuring the Oracle environment by creating multiple databases, storage structures and objects, database backup and recovery, monitoring and optimizing database performance.
Create & Managing Database Structure, Storage Allocation.
Used RMAN for backup and recovery jobs.
Trace the SQL.
Trace the frequently called procedures/packages and pinning them to improve the performance.
Worked extensively on Performance Tuning, RAW Devices.
Cloned databases using scripts.
Setup and configuration of Data guard.
Responsible for Load and Performance testing of the database servers and application servers.
Environment: Oracle 9i/10g, LINUX, Windows 2003 server, SQL server

Company : CVS Pune June 2005 - February 2007
Role : Jr. DBA

Responsibilities
Involved in installation and configuration of database 9i on Windows NT.
Involved in creating and managing users and objects.
Involved in assigning roles and privileges to different users.
Inspected log file, monitored table spaces and partitions.
Involved in creating tables, indexes and views. Hot and cold backup.
Environment: Oracle 9i, UNIX Windows NT / 2000
Education
Post Graduate of Science in Information Technology from mumbai university.
Bachelor of Science in Applied Science from Pune university.
Personal Details
Languages known: English, Marathi, Gujarati, Hindi
Hobbies: Traveling
Date of Birth: *7/06/19**
Address:Pune, Maharashtra