JANINE SMITH, OCP
00 Brock Street | St. Louis, MO 63139 | (636) 000-0000 | email@email.email

Certified Database Administrator with experience in maintenance, security, and backup and recovery

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS

Over 9 years of experience, including 6 years as DBA in development and production environments.
Ensure Oracle database systems operate efficiently and securely.
Skilled in designing and implementing complete life cycle client servers and database applications with various development tools and languages.
Manage internal databases, from planning and testing stages through implementation and support.
In-depth understanding of security and backup procedures to ensure database integrity. Background in developing backup and disaster recovery plans for nationwide offices.
Superior communication, presentation, analytical and problem solving skill. Work well with all levels of business.
TECHNICAL SKILLS AND CERTIFICATIONS

Databases:     Oracle 7/8/9 (RAC/OPS), MS-SQL, MySQL, DB2, Universal Database V8.1, Access, Lotus Notes, SAP, DPF
Operating Systems:     Windows 2000/2003/NT/XP, UNIX, Linux, Solaris
Applications:     SQL-Loader, SQL Navigator, SSH, Forte for Java, Apache, IIS, Domino 4.x/5.x/6.x, ULTRADEV, Dreamweaver
Languages:     Java, JSP, JDBC, XML, HTML, C, C++, Perl, VB, NET, ASAP.NET
Certifications:     Oracle9i Database Administrator, IBM Certified Expert – DB2 Universal Database V7.1 Database Administration for UNIX, Windows, and OS/2

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

ABC Corporation, St. Louis, MO: 2005-Present
Senior Database Administrator

Responsible for Oracle 9i logical and physical database design, implementation, and maintenance on Windows NT
Created new databases and users: set up backups, export, and other monitoring scripts
Implemented database refresh using full export for table level and full database defragmentation, resulting in improved performance and effective space management.
Managing database security. Design, develop, and implement automated data backup and restoration procedures. Provide technical support for database maintenance and disaster recovery
Identify, recommend, and implement all new database technologies and Oracle license management.
ABC Company, St. Louis, MO: 2003-2004
Database Administrator

Created new databases, involving importing and exporting: installing and configured database software for Oracle Application development environment.
Responsible for Oracle 9i logical and physical databases design, implementation, and maintenance
Reorganized databases and sized database objects to meet standards and improve performance 30%
Handled database server tuning, application tuning, maintaining documentation, capacity planning and database security
XYZ Company, St. Louis, MO: 2000-2003
Database Manager/Administrator

Created Oracle 8i databases for 2 large departments, from planning and testing through production.
Implemented backup and recovery procedures of databases in Sun Solaris and Red Hat Linux environment: implemented backup and recovery procedures and IT department manual.
Managed database remodeling and interface development during migration from MS Access to MS SQL server and from MS SQL to Oracle 8i
Enhanced MS-Access databases by improving user interface, introducing multiple-user access, and increasing security and stability
Involved in all phases of database development, from needs assessment to QA/QC, design, and support
XYZ Incorporated, St. Louis, MO: 1997-1999
Database Manager/Administrator

Held Oracle DBA responsibility for parallel Oracle/SAP database using Oracle Parallel Server
Supported Oracle developers. Performed database tuning, created database reorganization procedures, scripted database alerts, and monitored scripts
EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science, Computer Science, St. Louis University (1995)

TRAINING
Oracle9i: New Features for Administrators
Oracle9i: Real Application Clusters
Oracle8i: Introduction to oracle SQL, PL/SQL
Oracle8i: Architecture and Administration
Oracle8i: Backup and Recovery
Oracle8i: Performance Tuning
Oracle8i: Network Administration
Oracle8: Database Administration
Oracle8: Backup and Recovery
Oracle Enterprise Manager
Oracle8: New Features for Administrators
Oracle8i: New Features for Administrators
Oracle 8: SQL and PL/SQL
