Full Name
[Street, City, State, Zip] | [Phone] [Email Address]

DATA ANALYST

¦ Overview
Business oriented data analyst offering professional expertise in providing solutions for data analysis, coding, and variable information controls.

Cooperates closely with IT experts, project engineers and subject matter experts in planning and developing analytical methods for data collection, data variables, storage, analysis, statistics and presentations.
Areas of Expertise and Tools

 SAP | CRM | Crystal Reports | SQL | MySQL | Oracle| Access

MS Excel, Word and PowerPoint

Data Transfer Agent (DTA)

¦ Core Competencies, Strengths and Qualifications,

Extensive expertise in computer and IT systems – Excellent in mathematics (numerical aptitude).
Ability to assume responsibility and perform with little or no supervision.
Highest order of communication skills and team approach – Willingness to work in cooperation and collaboration.
Adherence to confidentiality principles.
Good judgment, initiative, commitment and resourcefulness.
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science [business administration, statistics, mathematics, or any business-related field].
Objective Statement – Become a key role player in providing quality solutions for the data analysis and information control functions of the firm.

¦ Professional Experience
Data Analyst   TAG Info Systems Inc.          Wayne, PA       2007 – Present

Key Functions and Contributions:

Focal point for making sound decisions related to data collection, data analysis, data security, methodologies and designs.
Conducted research to collect and assemble data for databases – Was responsible for design/development of relational databases for collecting data.
Maintained the data integrity during extraction, manipulation, processing, analysis and storage.
Built data input and designed data collection screens – Managed database design and maintenance, administration and security for the company.
Discussed intelligence and information requirements with internal and external personnel.
Data output – Made data chart presentations and coded variables from original data, conducted statistical analysis as and when required and provided summaries of analysis.
Trained data analysis beginners to improve overall efficiency of department.
Cooperated with external outsourcing for the design and development of analysis.