COMPUTER PROGRAMMER

Solutions-driven programmer with a four-year track record of commended performance in modular and object-oriented programming. Well-versed in all phases of the software development lifecycle, with a strong working knowledge of algorithms and data structures. Proven success engineering customized solutions improving business processes, operations and profitability.

SKILLS


	Software Development


	Solutions Deployment


	User Training & Support


	OOAD & RAD


	GUI Design


	Requirements Definition


	Coding & Scripting


	Debugging & Troubleshooting


	Testing & Documentation

TECHNOLOGY SUMMARY

Programming: Java, C, C++, XML, SQL, HTML, Perl, Visual Basic
Software: MS Office Suite (Access, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Project), Oracle
Systems: Unix, Linux, Windows, Macintosh OS X
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

ABC COMPANY (Software firm providing solutions to the banking industry) -- Sometown, AZ
Programmer / Analyst, 2014 to Present
Create and customize software applications and tools using advanced development and coding techniques. Manage all phases of application design -- from coding and prototyping through system testing, integration and deployment. Results:

	Served as a member of electronic placement project team, developing strategies to ensure compliance with new industry standards for electronic exchange.


	Regarded as a key member of pre-sales team closing large contracts (average of $2.5M annually). Develop custom software solutions that help customers make more informed decisions, improve their use of capital and manage risk more effectively.


	Developed and enhanced programs using Java, C and C++, contributing to solutions that streamlined processes, increased accuracy and lowered costs. Developed back-office application that saved client more than $125K annually.

DEF BANK (Full-service regional bank) -- Sometown, AZ
Intern / Programmer, 2010 to 2014
Hired as a full-time programmer following commended performance in initial intern role. Results:

	Enhanced DEF Bank reporting subsystem that provided new functionality to reporting functions that were previously unavailable.


	Worked on yearlong project creating interface with core MIDAS system to enable automated report generation. Saved thousands of hours annually while increasing accuracy from less than 90% to 99.9%.

EDUCATION

ABC UNIVERSITY -- Sometown, AZ | BS in Information Technology, Minor in Finance

DEF COMMUNITY COLLEGE -- Sometown, AZ | AS in Computer Information Science

