Sharad Saxena
Email ID: ****@gmail.com 
Contact No.: +91-*****
Career Objective
To Obtain a challenging leadership position applying creative problem solving and lean management skills with a growing company to achieve optimum utilization of its resources and maximum profits.
Career Summary
An innovative, result-oriented professional with 3 years of experience as an IT project Manager.
Extensive experience in all aspects of handling an IT project.
Proficient in planning, handling and supervising the project.
Proficient in providing the best alternatives during the project.
Proven record in leading projects to full fruition.
Personal Qualities
Strong motivational and leadership skills.
Exceptional planning skills.
Unmatchable communication skills in writing and verbal both.
Ability to identify, understand and give priority to urgent issues.
Ability to handle the situation of conflicts.
Key Responsibilities Handled
Responsible for handling the project from the front.
Effectively make the plan of the particular project.
Presenting the plan in front of seniors and take suggestions from them.
Giving a presentation to the Junior Staff and make them understand the important aspects of the project.
Ensuring that all the resources are available for the project.
Delegating work and supervising the activities of junior IT staff.
Recommending and implementing technological improvements and efficiencies.
Technical Experience
Languages Known: C, C++, Java, Python, Ruby
Testing software: QTP, Selenium, Bugzilla
Achievements
Successfully handle the project of worth rupees 50 Crore in ASD Solutions.
Receive many awards and appreciations from the organization.
Give many presentations in Project Handling in many seminars.
Employers
Working as IT Project Manager in ASD Solutions from 2010 - Present.
Worked as Project Manager in FGH Technical solutions from 2009 - 2010.
Academia
MBA in IT
B Tech in IT
Personal Details
Languages Known: Hindi, English
DOB: MM/DD/YYYY
Address: SJBJSBj