Full Name
[Street, City, State, Zip] | [Phone] [Email Address]

COMPUTER APPLICATIONS PROGRAMMER

Accomplished computer programmer with 9 years’ experience in .NET software applications and an in-depth knowledge of programming languages for development and programming; technical expertise includes:

J2EE, MS.NET, SQL SERVER | Oracle/SQL | ASP Controls/ .NET 3.5

SAP | C# .NET 3.5 MICROSOFT VISUAL STUDIO |

ASP.NET 3.5 | JAVA

Functional Skills:

Critical reasoning to forecast the strength and weakness of a program.
Effectively handle concurrent multiple assignments.
Detail-oriented and highly articulate.
Excellent problem solving skills.
Professional Experience
BYT S/W Applications            Wilmington, DE                        2006 – Present
Applications Programmer
Worked on several challenging projects related to education, government and medical fields. Consulted with clients and engineers to solve problems and recommend changes in programs.

Assessed the objective of the project by studying the job description, and prepared flow charts accordingly.
Coordinated with system analysts and software engineers in completing complex projects.
Monitored the program and made required changes to produce smooth and efficient run.
Conducted tests and trial runs to ensure that the program produced the desired results in a timely manner.
Documented the program and clarified it with instructions, resulting in easily comprehended coding.
Selected Achievements:

Successfully completed (X) projects in the past year.
Managed to increase the running speed of (X) programs by (X)%.
Changed (X) method to (Y) method in order to increase efficiency and customer satisfaction.
Initiated and completed a project that resulted in increased revenues of (X).
Educational Qualifications
Massachusetts Institute of Technology Cambridge, MA                        2001 – 2005
BSc. Computer Science & Computer Engineering, Technology

Saint Cloud Technical College, Saint Cloud, MN                                   1998 – 2000
AAS, Computer Programming
