STACY PATTERSON

408 S. Enola Drive, Enola, PA  17025 · (709) 732-1234
spatter@email.net

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS

Experienced and knowledgeable information technology professional seeking to contribute training and acquired skills within a help desk support role.


Works well independently, or in a group setting providing all facets of computer help desk support such as troubleshooting, installations, and maintenance. In-depth knowledge and understanding of numerous software packages and operating systems. Skilled in providing customer and end-user help desk support. Easily identifies and resolves technical issues and concerns. Excellent communication and presentation capabilities.

EDUCATION & TRAINING

KnowledgeSoft, Inc., Mechanicsburg, PA
Courses in Intranetware 4.11 Administration and 4.1a Advanced Administration

Shippensburg University of Pennsylvania, Shippensburg, PA,
John L. Grove College of Business
B.S. in Information Technology

Harrisburg Area Community College, Harrisburg, PA
A.A. (Honors)

East Pennsboro Area High School, Enola, PA

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Pennsylvania Office of Inspector General, Harrisburg, PA (1/20XX – Present)
Help Desk Technician

Provides computer help desk support via telephone communications with end-users.
Performs diagnostics and troubleshooting of system issues, documents help desk tickets/resolutions, and maintains equipment inventory lists.
Tri-County Association for the Blind, Harrisburg, PA (3/20XX - 1/20XX)
Production Associate


Performed various administrative duties such as mass-mailings to support fundraising efforts for the blind and other organizations for the disabled.
Compiled literature, prepared mailing labels and envelopes, and disbursed via postal service.
Accounted for and verified IBM equipment parts, assembled office supplies, and ensured proper packaging.
Pennsylvania Commission on Crime and Delinquency, Harrisburg, PA (2/19XX – 3/20XX)
Information Technology Technician

Provided computer help desk support and technical training on hardware/software to end-users.
Documented help desk tickets/resolutions, and provided overall assistance in daily administration of a Novell Netware 4.11 Network.
Performed set-up, breakdown, and transport of agency equipment on an as-needed basis