Kathy Webster
1 Main Street
New Cityland, CA 91010
Cell: (555) 322-7337
E-Mail: example-email@example.com

Summary

Enthusiastic Help Desk professional seeking to benefit an IT Department with complex technical knowledge and strong time management skills. Skilled at building rapport with diverse individuals while handling complex technical issues. Vast knowledge of web applications, software, and framework.

Highlights

DHCP/DNS Ethernet and Firewall proficient
LAN aptitude
Proficient in phone, printer, and security
Meticulous and organized
Work well with staff and customers

Windows XP/Vista
MS Office proficient
Familiar with Mac desktops
Service-oriented
Excels under pressure

Experience

April 2010 to Current
MarketPro New Cityland, CA
Help Desk Associate

Provide helpdesk support to end-users of proprietary software.
Answer questions about product features and resolve use problems.
Document all issues and generate reports detailing common problems and error trends.
Escalate service questions to appropriate client representatives.
Fill in for in-house IT services as needed, installing new desktop systems for developers, project managers, and quality assurance team members.

November 2007 to March 2010
Quality Computers New Cityland, CA
Technical Support Representative

Responded to client account questions, including billing and field service requests.
Created service orders to replace defective parts or request technician assistance.
Investigated reported issues and walked customers through scripted service protocols to rule out numerous problems.
Maintained up-to-date knowledge of all company products, service procedures, and offerings to properly assist clients.
Consistently exceeded expectations for customer satisfaction and call volume.

January 2005 to October 2007
Desktop Solutions New Cityland, CA
Technical Support Agent

Supported small business customers via inbound technical support calls.
Assisted customers having hardware, software, and networking issues.
Researched client issues to resolve complaints promptly.
Displayed exceptional people skills and maintained calm demeanor during every phone call.

Education

2004 CTI Technical College New Cityland, CA
Bachelor of Science Computer Science

Coursework in Hardware Systems, Programming, and Networking