LAUREN TAYLOR
225 Dice Avenue | New York, NY 10001 | ltaylor@dice.com | 000-000-0000

Talented and dedicated HelpDesk professional with over 5 years of experience
in fast-paced, deadline-oriented environments

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS

Extensive experience setting up, installing, and repairing desktops, laptops, printers, and modems.
Outstanding knowledge of multiple hardware and software applications.
Strong background with hard drives, central processing units (CPUs), video cards, firewalls, and antivirus and disaster recovery software.
Skilled communicator, able to successfully work with wide range of end-users to diagnose and resolve complex technical issues.
Played key role in instituting new tracking system that coordinated phone and e-mail support requests, remarkably improving response time and dramatically reducing downtime.
Excellent technical skills, with strong knowledge of Windows, Novell, MS Office, and Internet connections and peripherals.  Extensive knowledge of both PC and LAN hardware and applications.
Microsoft Desktop Certified Technician.
TECHNICAL SKILLS

Operating Systems:  Windows 2000/2003/ME/XP/NT/Vista, Mac OS X Snow Leopard
Software Applications:  MS Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access), Novell, VMWare, Norton
Utilities, Ghost, Adobe, Symantec PCAnywhere, McAfee
Networking:  LAN/WAN, TCP/IP, VPN, CAT 5, Ethernet, Routers, SAN, MS Site Server

CERTIFICATIONS
Microsoft Desktop Certified Technician

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

ABC Corporation, Los Angeles, CA: 2007 – Present
Tier I – Help Desk Technician

Provide telephone and in-person support to over 200 end users, troubleshooting, diagnosing, resolving, and documenting hardware, software, and network related technical issues.
Create, respond to, escalate, and close tickets.  Track all outstanding tickets, working closely with Tier II Technician to ensure any problems are resolved in timely manner.
Document all technical issues.  Highlight steps taken to remediate problems.
Tasked with training new hires on internal systems and procedures.  Trained 3 new hires in 4-month period as company rapidly expanded.
DEF Computers, Boston, MA: 2005 – 2007
Computer Technician

Worked with clients both in-store and on-site to install, troubleshoot, and repair technical problems for computer systems, including laptops, desktops, printers, modems, and monitors.
Provided telephone and e-mail technical support follow-up, recommending purchases as required.
Built and customized computers for clientele.
Installed firewalls, virus software, and removed Spyware/Malware.
EDUCATION
University of Maryland, College Park, MD
Bachelor of Science, 2004

Keywords:  Technical Support, Customer Service, Malware, Spyware, Desktop, Laptop, MS, Microsoft, administer, Tier I, Tier 1, Tier II, Tier 2, Computers, Computer Information Systems, Technician, Tracking, workstations, applications, network
