YOUR FULL NAME

Your mailing address
Your phone numbers
Your email address

Objective

Examples:

Seeking a position as a help desk technician in a demanding work environment.

To secure a position of help desk specialist where my technical problem-solving skills are well utilized.

Profile Statement

Examples:

A skilled help desk professional with over X years experience providing user support and solutions in high demand work environments. Proven track record of efficiently diagnosing and resolving complex customer issues within agreed time scales. In-depth knowledge of a range of software applications and operating systems. An independent and results-driven worker with a strong commitment to increasing staff productivity.

A solutions-focused help desk specialist skilled in providing rapid, in-depth customer support. Proven ability to diagnose problems, find the root cause and supply lasting solutions. Extensive end-user training experience. Experienced in communicating complex information in an easily understood format to a diverse customer base. Proficient in a number of operating systems and applications. A solid reputation for professionalism and responsiveness.

Work Experience

Help Desk Specialist

The Company, Chicago, IL
January 2013 - Date

diagnose, troubleshoot and resolve a wide range of software, hardware and network issues
provide technical support for X number of diverse users nationally
handle an average of X calls per day
resolve X% of calls within company's X-minute requirement
prioritize and escalate issues where required
install, configure and modify hardware and software to ensure optimal performance
plan and lead training sessions for new and existing users
monitor, log and track all phases of help desk support

Help Desk Support

Atlantic Corporation, Chicago, IL
August 2008 - December 2012

provided first-tier support and troubleshooting for technology products and applications
performed physical set up of desktop hardware and software
served on team installing hardware and software upgrades
managed inventory and tracked all hardware and software used
Education and Qualifications

De Paul University, Chicago, IL
BA degree in Computing, 2008

Microsoft Certified Solutions Expert (MCSE)

Apple Certified Macintosh Technician (ACMT)

Technical Skills

platforms: Windows XP, Windows 7, Windows VISTA, Mac operating system
applications: MS Office, Norton/McAfee Anti-Virus, Norton Internet Security, instant messaging
strong knowledge of LAN and WAN
solid knowledge of IT Help Desk system
Core Competencies

organizational and planning skills
attention to detail
communication skills
customer-service orientation
problem analysis and resolution
adaptability
flexibility
stress tolerance
References

Available on request.


