Jonathan Morgan
Senior IT Project Manager

Phone:	555-578-6001
Address:	1257 Ocean Lane, 
LA County, CA-91202
Email:	jonathanm@email.com
11.5 years of experience in business liaison and technological areas improvement to achieve timely project completion. Meet project deliverables by combining user requirements with business prerequisites and budgetary allowance.
EXPERIENCE
Techni Lite Ltd.
Project Manager, Technology Integration Group
2008 to Present
Promoted to project manager position to plan, schedule and implement all stages of hardware and software implementations. Examined business implications for each phase and ensured steady progress to meet deadlines, and standards.
Drove imposing improvements across the business as a result of IT systems' implementations. Enabled Techni Lite with accelerating solutions on the bidding process on construction projects by 65%, condensed sales cycle by 40%, augmented income by 35%, saving $1.26M per annum.
Efficiently guided the work of technical teams. Articulated project goals and scope, translated business needs into achievable targets, designed detailed work breakdown structures (WBS).
Prepared cost-benefit analyses and worked on ROI assessments that enhanced the decision-making process on incoming IT integration projects.
Edusoft Inc.
Assistant Project Administrator
2004 to 2008
Built up a strong technical background as a network manager within a 1000-user, multi-platform environment.
Surged network uptime to 98.9%, drove a milestone network upgrade, and bolstered systems' security and reliability. 
EDUCATION
MBA (GPA: 3.79/4.0), Arizona State University, 2004
BS in CIS (GPA: 3.82/4.0), Arizona University, 2000
AS in Accounting, Texas University, 1997
Project Management Professional (PMI-Certified), 2009
Six Sigma Black Belt, 2010
CAREER HIGHLIGHTS
Headed teams across broad technical and business disciplines. Mentored groups on business goals and tracked progress to fortify timely achievement of project milestones.
Mitigated risk factors through detailed examination and introduction of corrective measures in the financial and statistical departments. Anticipated and handled change impressively in rapidly changing global business milieu.
Shuffled between agile and waterfall approaches depending on project needs and client goals, creating detailed project road maps, schedules and WBS.
Honored with Techni Lite’s “CEO Award” in 2011 in recognition of outstanding project sales.
EARLY EXPERIENCE
CompPlus Enterprises
IT Intern
1994-1996
Evaluated customer credit risk and analyzed financial information. Conducted collection calls, resolved service queries and maintained accurate credit files.
 
E&Z Technology
IT Professional
1997-1999
Created programming models to enhance automated data/voice applications and software within network and client/server environments. Improved functioning of databases and server configurations.
RELATED SKILLS
Leadership
Cross-Domain Supervision
Team Building & Mentoring
Client Relations & Business & IT Planning
Project Management
Custom Software Implementation & Database Management (RDBMS)
System Upgrade/Integrations & Enterprise Implementations
IT Project Lifecycle
Requirements Gathering & ROI Analysis
Costing & Project Planning
Testing/Quality Analysis/TapeOut & Vendor Management
