NEAL ANDREWS

555 America Drive  |  Chicago, IL 60601  |  (000) 000-0000  |  nealandrews@dice.com

Talented technical Project Manager with over 8 years of demonstrated expertise completing projects on time and within budget

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS

Adept at overseeing all facets of project lifecycle, including initiation and planning; change, risk, and issue management; and guiding QA teams.
Outstanding communication skills. Able to successfully build strong working relationships with coworkers and clientele, while ensuring cooperation among company departments.
Excellent multitasker; able to efficiently plan and prioritize projects.
Strong technical and business management skills.
EXPERIENCE

ABC Company, New York, NY	
02/06 – Current
Senior Technical Project Manager for $122M, 23-store company with over 125 employees.	
Oversee all technical aspects of retail-store build-out, including overseeing creation of schedules, documents, and guides for contractors, vendors, and consultants.
Act as sole point of contact for end users during router/switch/PBX and POS installation, and troubleshoot problems. Document and report findings to facilitate problem resolution.
Coordinate all client policies and procedures specific to ABC Company Business and Retail Guidelines.
Manage multiple vendors and coordinate with building representatives and facilities management on store-by-store basis.
Create and maintain project schedule and database documentation, and act as liaison between all departments.
DEF Corporation, Los Angeles, CA	
02/05 – 01/06
Technical Project Manager and Senior Business Systems Analyst for $2.2B cell phone company with over 430 employees.	
Played key role in creating documentation and technical guides for end users.
Facilitated User Acceptance Testing (UAT), ensuring that all errors were tracked and reported to development and management teams.
Acted as single point of contact for multiple vendors, business units, and Information Technology partners during integration of Digital Tower Application (DTA) installation, administering schedules and communicating risks.
Assisted with SOX 404 compliance, resulting in successful post-migration audit.
Ran weekly meetings, helping to facilitate communication and maximize productivity.
JKL Company, New York, NY	
05/03 – 02/05
Project Manager for New York City hospital.	
Liaison among departments and managers, acting as sole point of contact to integrate managed workstation environment with minimal downtime.
Coordinated work of multiple teams creating desktop deployment for NUHOS servers in downtown Manhattan.
Created and reported daily status of projects, including in-house and on-site analysis and resolution of problems during deployments. Ensured maintenance of HIPPA compliance.
MNO Company, New York, NY	
09/00 – 05/03
IT Manager for New York City-based company with 25 employees.	
Oversaw management of daily IT operations for start-up company, including all in-house hardware, software, and technical support for 25-user network.
Responsible for telecommunications systems, setup of Local Area Network (LAN), and configuration of workstations.
Managed implementation of hardware/software upgrades. Maintained T-1, routers, and PBX.
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Applications:	MS Office/Project/Access, Visio/Info Path, Lotus Notes, Agile, Red Hat, HP Reporter, Crystal Reports, ASP.NET
OS:	Windows NT/2000/XP, Linux, Solaris, UNIX, Debian
Databases:	Oracle 8i, MySQL
Tools:	NetQos, HP Openview Service Desk, Softricity, Mercury IT Governance/Quality Center/Test Director, Cisco IP Telephony Seminar, SCM tools
Languages:	SQL, HTML, XML
Networking:	SMTP/ Mail (qmail, postfix), DNS, Web Server (Apache), System and Network, SSL, TCP/IP, Network Security
EDUCATION
Masters in Information Systems Management, 2000
New York University, New York, NY
Bachelors in Computer Science, American University, 1998
Washington, D.C.
