Andrew Pierre
2283 Godfrey Street
Hillsboro, OR 97123
(222) 783-5560
Email : [email]
Career Goal
A talented and industrious professional seeking employment in your esteemed organization as a Cloud Computing Engineer and share my expertise in VMware, Sun Solaris, Amazon AWS, Linux Ubuntu and J2EE.
Technical Skills
High technical competence to utilize software products and standards like:
MDA, UML
Rational Rose
SOA, Rational Software Modeler
Proficient in using programming languages:

C, C++, Objective C
Basic, Java, JavaScript
Scala, Turbo Pascal
Adept with cloud computing tools:

Amazon EC2, ELB
Cloud watch, EBS, RDS, S3
RightScale, RightScripts
Expertise in managing version control tools:

PVCS, SCCS
MKS-VCS,
Rational Clearcase
Thorough with testing tools:

JUnit, HTTPUnit
Cactus, jWebUnit
WebTest, Cruise Control
Superb in database administration:

SQL, PL/ SQL
Oracle, IBM DB2
MySQL, MS Access
Exceptionally talented in deploying web application servers:

IBM Websphere
Tomcat, Borland Application server
BEA Weblogic server
Immense capabilities to:

Apply cloud system engineering principles
Interpret cloud computing technologies and latest trends
Relevant Experience
Cloud Computing Engineer
Booz Allen Hamilton	January 2012 – Present
Hillsboro, OR
Supported stress testing and scaling of services by development of testing services and infrastructure.
Performed functions such as support, performance analysis, troubleshooting and capacity planning.
Suggested tools and related implementation to engineering teams regarding cloud based services.
Resolved problems in cloud applications by proper identification as per client requirements.
Provided reporting and rollout management functions for cloud based services and related security.
Implemented technical authoring services for application development and support functions such as Contenta and SDL.
Coordinated with engineering team staff for assembling and development of server and network hardware resources such as Cisco.
Assisted junior staff with usage of authoring software and Amazon’s cloud applications.
Cloud Computing Engineer
Samsung Semiconductor, Inc.	November 2010 – January 2012
San Jose, CA
Provided support to sales and marketing activities for driving Wins and generation of maximum revenue.
Conducted pre-sales technical support services for directing sales force of Windows Azure applications.
Implemented interfacing functions with product management teams and software developers.
Executed QA services for enhancing efficiency of technologies and related updates for Cloud Storage applications.
Designed products, offerings and technologies relating to cloud computing and virtualization along with IT engineering teams.
Maintained detailed documentation and architectural solutions in IT infrastructure and sales systems.
Supported tuning and optimization of network performance through use of virtualization and tools.
Managed configuration and connectivity of customer virtual networks through VMware tools.
Educational Background
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science
Our Lady of the Lake College	August 2006 – May 2010
Baton Rouge, LA


 
