NIRAV PATEL
 
 
 
SUMMARY
Software Engineer with 2+ years of industry and 5+ years of academic experience in object oriented development using Java, C++, RDBMS such as SQL and other enterprise technologies.
Deep understanding of data structure and algorithms and ability to quickly learn new technologies.
WORK EXPERIENCE
SaaS Software Developer, Stratify Inc., Iron Mountain Co., Mountain View, CA (Sep 18 - present)
Project: highly reliable, available and scalable web-based e-discovery solution for law firms
Objective: Enable attorneys to quickly review, understand and process large document sets.
Technologies: Grails, groovy, Java, J2EE, JSecurity, Postgres, lucene, Spring-batch and some third party tools for data extraction.
Deliverables:
Followed agile software development methodology (Srcum) to iteratively provide usable software solution.
Using grails/groovy framework with postgres as backend, lucene for search and indexing and spring-batch for processing of large data sets in asynchronous manner.
Evaluated some third party tools for data extraction for their performance review using visual c++ and windows api.
Software Developer, EBay Inc., San Jose, (Jun 07 – Dec 07)
Project: ‘Case Monitoring Tools’ for Customer Support group
Objective: Help other security tools to identify and take actions against any fraud or illegal activity
Technology: Java, J2EE, XML, XSLT and PL/SQL
Deliverables:
Simplified daily manual tasks of querying database at Customer and Item level
Solved various production bugs which belong to Trust and Safety team
 
Software/Web Programmer, Triguns Pvt Ltd, India (Apr 05 – Jul 06.)
Noteworthy Credits:
Successfully developed ‘Regional Transport Control System’ for a reputed client
Involved in requirement elicitation, analysis and conflicts resolving through client’s interaction
Actively involved in developing releases of Inventory module for medium-scale retail store
Technology: Java, MySql, JSP and Servlets
 
Vocational Training, ESSAR Steal Pvt. Ltd, India, Jan 04 – Jun 04
Project: ‘Inter Office Communication System’ for Human Resource Department
Technology: Java, JSP and Apache Tomcat Server and My SQL database
Deliverables:
Instant messenger, calendar and message-board to achieve better and faster communication
TECHNICAL SKILLS
 
Languages: Java, C, C++, SQL, JSP, JSF, Servlet, J2EE, EJB3.0, Spring, Grails, Groovy, Lucene, JSON, REST, SOA, Design Patterns, UML Modeling, HTML, CSS, XML, XSL, JavaScript, Perl, Shell script , TCP/IP, SMTP
Tools & IDE: Eclipse3.2, NetBeans5.5, Microsoft Visual Studio, J unit, Rational Clear Case and Clear Quest, CVS, JIRA, Confluence, Quick Base, Fish Eye, Selenium
Database: RDBMS, JDBC, Hibernate, MS SQL Server 2000, MySQL 5/6, Postgres, Oracle
Servers: J Boss, Apache Geronimo, Apache Tomcat, Jetty, IIS.
Platform: Windows 9X/XP/2000/NT, UNIX, Ubuntu Linux, Mac
 
EDUCATION
M.S. Software Engineering: - San Jose State University, San Jose, CA, US, GPA 3.5/4, Aug 08B.S. Computer Engineering: - Sardar Vallabhbhai Institute of Technology, India, GPA-3.3/4.0, Jul 04
 
COURSEWORK
Object-oriented programming and design, Software System Engineering, Enterprise Distributed objects, Enterprise Software Components, Software Testing and Quality Assurance, Database Design, Data Structure and Algorithm, XML in e-business, Operating System, Network operating system.
 
ACEDEMIC PROJECTS
Movie Recommendation Website (Web Personalization)
Developed fusion of content based and user-based collaborative filtering algorithms which generates the movie recommendations for users based on their ratings patterns and genre preferences.
Implemented a prototype of such website using EJB3.0, Jboss, MySql, Hibernate, JSF, MVC pattern and J2EE architecture.
Social Networking Website (Web2.0 Application)
Implemented backend APIs for n-tier web2.0 application similar to face book and orkut using J2EE and EJB3.0 technologies.
Also Developed Restful APIs using xml and Json and Junit test cases for unit testing.
Developed a backend APIs and front-end for ‘Online Music Store’ using Java, JSP and My Sql.
UML and Stability modeling: - Object oriented modeling of project ‘World Cup Cricket Organization’ using UML and Stability modeling with class diagrams, use cases, activity diagrams and sequence diagrams.
Text Pad: - Developed a text pad using C++ and C graphics.
Card Game: - Developed a Flash Game using C and C graphics.
AVL Tree (Testing Project): - Developed AVL tree using Java and tested its functionality using various testing methods like black-box, white-box testing (using JUnit), integration and regression testing.
 