MARK STENERSEN
Software Engineer
Technical
PHP	Linux	Web Application Development
MySQL	Python	E-Commerce Solutions
JavaScript	Apache	Search Engine Optimization
HTML/CSS	Bash Scripts	Website Performance Optimization
Experience
Picture-Cart, LLC
2012-Current
SaaS Developer / Business Owner
Built and currently maintain a highly customized shopping cart web service used to sell high volume photography. Specialize in maximizing online sales and streamlining product and order management. Communicate with clients to discuss custom development, process billing, and respond promptly to all questions and technical support issues.

PHP, MySQL, Python, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and jQuery
PayPal Payment Gateway Integration / Authorize.Net Payment Gateway Integration
Developed Linux/Python tools to monitor sales, create website snapshots, backup databases, monitor PHP logs and payment gateway response logs, and batch optimize and upload website files
Host-1-Stop, LLC
2006-Current
Website Developer / Business Owner
Manage my own website development and consulting company. Specialize in website performance optimization, Rackspace web hosting, and search engine optimization. Communicate with clients to refine design plans, process billing, and respond promptly to all questions and technical support issues.

PHP, MySQL, Python, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and jQuery
Web Application Development / Web Service Integration
E-Commerce Solutions / Content Management Systems
Database Design / Management
Website Performance Optimization / Search Engine Optimization
Developed Linux/Python tools to create website snapshots, backup databases, monitor PHP logs and payment gateway response logs, and batch optimize and upload website files
Gradcart, LLC
2006-Current
SaaS Developer / Business Owner
Built and currently maintain a highly customized shopping cart web service used to sell high school graduation products. Specialize in maximizing online sales and streamlining product and order management. Communicate with clients to discuss custom development, process billing, and respond promptly to all questions and technical support issues.

PHP, MySQL, Python, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and jQuery
PayPal Payment Gateway Integration / Authorize.Net Payment Gateway Integration
Developed Linux/Python tools to monitor sales, create website snapshots, backup databases, monitor PHP logs and payment gateway response logs, and batch optimize and upload website files
Varolii Communications
2005-2006
Software Developer
Created automated alerts (phone calls, email, SMS, etc.) for Fortune 500 companies. Worked with sales engineers, software developers, and customers to deliver a final project.

UNIX, VI, SQL, and CVS version sontrol system
Developed Bash shell scripts to reduce production time
Project Management
Pacific Northwest National Labs
2004
Software Engineering Senior Design Project
Developed software for the Environmental Protection Agency to classify URLs. This was accomplished by first extracting HTML from each requested URL. Then, the text was processed, analyzed, and saved into a database as a RSS document. Worked with three classmates and one representative from the Environmental Protection Agency.

HTTP Client Development
Advanced Text Processing & RSS Creation
Project source code in Java
Cyan Worlds, Inc.
2002-2003
Senior Real-Time Character Artist
Responsible for the character customization level for an online game, which gave me the opportunity to work closely with software developers and 3D graphic artists. Started working at Cyan as an intern for the summer and was offered a full time senior position the following fall. After the completion of the game, I returned to Washington State University to complete my computer science degree.

Realistic character modeling with extensive use of 3ds Max and Adobe Photoshop: Photoshop File, 3ds Max File, Real-Time Character
Construction of enhanced animation rigs, e.g., building skeletons, skinning of models with the "Skin" modifier in 3ds Max
Developed custom 3ds Max macrocripts to reduce tedious work
Optimized the production pipeline with finished documentation: Avatar Documentation
Education
Washington State University
B.A., Computer Science — Graduated Cum Laude
2004 Meek, Markley, McPhail Scholarship
Computer Science Departmental Award — Outstanding Senior
References
Patricia Arnold
Washington State University Advisor
Phone: (509) 335-2446 | Email: patricia@eecs.wsu.edu
Letter of Recommendation
Rand Miller
Director of Cyan Worlds, Inc.
Phone: (509) 467-0807 | Email: rand@cyan.com