

Software Engineer

Object-Oriented Analysis, Design and Development / Relational Database Systems

	Innovative software engineer offering four years of experience in the full software development lifecycle – from concept through delivery of next-generation applications and customizable solutions.


	Expert in advanced development methodologies, tools and processes contributing to the design and rollout of cutting-edge software applications.


	Known for excellent troubleshooting skills – able to analyze code and engineer well-researched, cost-effective and responsive solutions.

Technical Tools

Java, JavaScript, .Net, XML, J2EE, HTML, TCP/IP, REST, SOAP, SOA, Visual Studio .Net, Eclipse, SQL, MS SQL Server, MySQL, JUnit, jQuery, C, C++, Tomcat, Spring Framework, Hibernate, Maven, JDeveloper, WebLogic, IIS, Google Web Toolkit and more

Professional Experience

Software Engineer, 1/14 to Present – ABC COMPANY, Sometown, CA

Provide object-oriented software (OOS) design for one of the construction industry’s leading project- management platforms. Develop and customize software for diverse client base.  Achievement Highlights:


	Contributed software engineering expertise in the development of products through the software lifecycle, from requirements definition through successful deployment.


	Facilitated customization of systems by encouraging software engineering team to adopt emerging standards for software application development architecture and tools.


	Participated in sales presentations due to ability to translate user needs into easy-to-understand software solutions. Helped sales team close five major deals generating more than $150K in revenue.


	Excelled in rapid application development and management of technological issues for assigned projects, earning the highest customer satisfaction rating for all software solutions delivered.


	Introduced methodologies and best practices that enhanced product definition, release processes and customization of applications to user needs.

Junior Software Engineer, 8/10 to 1/14 – DEF COMPANY, Sometown, CA

Assisted in the design and development of user information solutions and Internet applications for a leading financial services company. Achievement Highlights:


	Provided user requirements analysis, design and programming support for enhancement of Web application accessed by 5 million users worldwide.


	Fueled additional revenue stream through responsive customer support, generating $18K in new license sales within first few weeks of new product release.

Education

ABC UNIVERSITY – Sometown, CA
Bachelor of Science in Software Engineering (BSEE), Minor in Computer Science, 5/08

