Will Rogers

Cloud Consultant
Solution Architect
Engagement Manager

122 A St. Boston MA 01980
000.555.1212 | email@gmail.com | wrogers@onlineprofile.com

A visionary leader with the architectural skills, experience and insight to elevate any application, computing platform infrastructure or data operation to the cloud.

Summary of Qualifications

Successfully designed and delivered secure cloud solutions for major organizations such as ABC Cable and Green Global Solutions.
Earned a reputation for designing cloud deployment strategies that mitigate risk while meeting infrastructure, employee, customer and budgetary needs.
More than 5 years’ experience with Salesforce.com and other SaaS technologies.
Excellent communication, interpersonal, analytical and presentation skills.
Salesforce.com certified.
Technical Skills

Cloud & SaaS Platforms: Amazon and Google Web Services, Salesforce.com, Workday, Concur, ServiceNow
J2EE Platforms: JBoss, Tomcat, WebLogic, AquaLogic and WebSphere
Legacy Development Stacks: Java, C#, C++ and Linux
Architectural Experience: Python, DJango, Ruby on Rails, .NET, RIA (Silverlight, Adobe Flex/Air) Azure, Terremark, Rackspace
ETL Tools: Informatica, SSIS, Talend and Boomi
Professional Experience

Enterprise Cloud Architect, ABC Cable Co.2011 to present
Provide thought leadership and architectural expertise to a cross-functional team charged with deploying a host of customer-related applications and data to the cloud.

Key Duties and Responsibilities

Conduct systems design, feasibility and cost studies and recommend cost-effective cloud solutions.
Administer discovery, user testing and beta programs to garner feedback prior to each major release.
Advise software development teams on architecting and designing web interfaces and infrastructures that safely and efficiently power the cloud environment.
Selected Achievements

Reduce overhead and infrastructure costs by 38 percent by consolidating and deploying 10 legacy applications to cloud platforms such as Google web services and Salesforce.com.
Deliver major releases to stakeholders on time and under budget.
Successfully develop feature packages that include use cases, work-flows, requirements and functional specifications for hand off to development team.
Cloud Services Architect, Green Global Solutions2008 to 2011
Responsible for designing and implementing cloud-based solutions, including private, community and public cloud deployment models for a variety of mid-size companies.

Key Duties and Responsibilities

Designed and built cloud service models including Infrastructure-as-a-Service, Platform-as-a-Service, and Software-as-a-Service for 6 companies.
Led focused project teams in the configuration and customization of Salesforce.com and other SaaS applications.
Integrated data into SalesForce from multiple sources by using DataLoader Experience architecting and by building solutions within the Salesforce portal.
Selected Achievements

Designed and executed 6 end-to-end cloud implementations for organizations in hi-tech, marketing and healthcare.
Architected structures that allowed Salesforce.com to interface with Oracle EBS or other legacy systems, resulting in the seamless integration of account, contact and event management and reporting.
Reduced process redundancies and learning curves by configuring business rules and transactions to fit each organization’s needs.
“Will was our go-to resource for data models, security, role hierarchy, integration and platform customization in Salesforce.com.”– Sean Gilbert, Green Global

Safety Insurance2005-2008
Served on an enterprise architecture team that launched Salesforce.com.
Cloud Specialist2007-2008
Data Architect2006-2007
Junior DBA2005-2006
Marketing Intern/Web Developer2004

Education & Certifications

BS in Business Administration, minor in Computer ScienceBoston University
Salesforce.com Certified Advanced Administrator
Salesforce.com Certified Developer
Salesforce.com Certified Service Cloud Consultant
Salesforce.com Certified Sales Cloud Consultant

Groups & Associations

Salesforce.com Consulting Network and Enterprise Implementations group, Cloud Computing, Open Source in Business, Software as a Service (SaaS) Group

122 A St. Boston MA 01980
000.555.1212 | email@gmail.com | wrogers@onlineprofile.com

