XXXX XXXX
XXXX, LaGrange, KY 40031 | XXX-XXXX-XXX C: XXX-XXXX-XXX | XXXX@XXXX.XXX
Career Overview
Experienced Cloud Architect adept at solution design, implementation, administration, and troubleshooting.  Commited team member who plays a key strategic role in the organizations technical direction and product development lifecycle.
Skill Areas
Strong analytical skills
Excellent problem solving skills
Systems Architecture Desgin
Product Development
Windows Server 2003-2012
RHEL/CentOs 5-7
MS SQL 2005-2014
vSphere 3-6
Networking Technologies
Storage Technologies (SAN & NAS)
Disaster Recovery Solutions
Vendor evaluation and selection
Vetting emerging technologies
Agile Methodology
REST/SOAP APIs
Automation of operational procedures
Accomplishments
As the lead Architect for large Cloud Service Provider, I continually play a key role in the successfully delivery of a high performance, highly available, highly scalable cloud infrastructure as a service. 
Work Experience
Cloud Architect Jul 2013 to Current
Hosting.com - Louisville, KY
As a member of the most senior technical team in the organization, I am responsible for service design, technology evaluation and selection, as well as emerging technology research in support the organization's cloud products.  I also assist with key customer engagements and well as root cause analysis for service outages when necessary.  
Platform Engineer Jun 2009 to Jul 2013
Hosting.com - Louisville, KY
I was responsible for the entire product life cycle including the design, development, implementation of technical services for external and internal customers.  I served as the technical lead on project teams.   I worked with product managers, software engineers, operations and other product stake holders on a daily basis to deliver the technical initiatives of the company. 
Systems Engineer Jun 2005 to Jun 2009
Hosting.com - Louisville, KY
Designed, implemented and administered the company's first multi-tenant Cloud infrastructure.   I lead several technical areas including the server farm, Storage Arrays, Storage networks (FC and Ethernet) switching infrastructure.     I also facilitated system integration and migrations during three company acquisitions.  During this time I served as a technical escalation point internally and assisted with sales engineering.
Tech Support I, II, & III Jun 2001 to Jun 2004
Hosting.com - Louisville, KY
Initially I supported all customers technical needs for at all levels.   Over time as our customers grew and their solutions became more complex, I served as the technical lead in supporting our advanced hosting and highest paying customers.    
Education and Training
BBA, Computer Information Systems 2000
Western Kentucky University - Bowling Green, KY, USA
Routing and Switching 2001
Cisco Networking Academy - Louisville, KY, USA
VCP3, vSphere 3: Install, Configure, Manage 2007
VMware Education - Chicago, IL, USA
VCP5-DCV, vSphere: What's New v5.0 2012
VMware Education - Louisville, KY, USA
VNX Block Storage Deployment and Management 2012
EMC Education - Chicago, IL, USA
Introduction to the Junos Operating System 2014
Juniper Education - Louisville, KY, USA
Vormetric Data Security Solution - Encryption Services 2015
Vormetric Education - Louisville, KY, USA