XXXX XXXX
XXXX, Sugar Land TX 77498
XXX-XXXX-XXX Cell: XXX-XXXX-XXX - XXXX@XXXX.XXX
Summary
Experienced and Award-Winning IT Infrastructure and Virtualization expert with over 13 years of experience designing/managing global infrastructure operations and utilizing innovative technologies to drive business forward.
Certifications and Accreditations
VMware Certified Professional – Datacenter Virtualization (VCP5-DCV)
VMware Technical Solutions Professional (VTSP)
VMware Technical Solutions Professional – Cloud Specialization (VTSP-Cloud)
Awards and Recognitions
2009 COMMON/IBM Power Systems Innovation of the Year Award for Power/Energy Efficiency for my design and implementation of the USBC Datacenter in Arlington, TX
2011/2012 VMware vExpert Recognition for my contributions to the virtualization community.
vSential.com virtualization blog ranked among the Top 125 Virtualization blogs on the Internet by vSphere-land.com.
Qualifications
Proven knowledge of virtualization technologies such as VMware, Xen, Hyper-V.
Proven track record of being a SME on virtualization automation
Knowledge of Linux systems administration and shell scripting using Bash, PHP, Ruby, Python, and Perl.
Able to work with little to no supervision on projects.
Subject Matter Expert on VMware Virtualization
Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Active Directory and related technologies in order to support a full scale Windows-based deployment.
Knowledge of networking and Cisco network gear use and configuration.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Proven ability to lead a team to produce positive results.
Extensive use of VMware vCloud Director for IaaS, SaaS, PaaS
Experience
Cloud Infrastructure Architect/Engineer
June 2012 to April 2013
iland Internet Solutions - Houston, TX
Design, deployment, maintenance of US/UK virtualization infrastructure utilizing Dell rackmount servers and Cisco UCS blade server hardware, Dell Equallogic and Compellent storage technologies.
Lead design and implementation of migration plan and complete redesign of VMware vSphere infrastructure across the enterprise. Migrating from vSphere 4.x to vSphere 5.
Responsible for infrastructure design for the company's cloud service infrastructure.
Design, planning, and implementation of the virtual infrastructure.
Senior engineer for all enterprise and facility infrastructure design and maintenance.
Lead engineer for management of virtual infrastructure based on VMware vSphere (4.x, 5.x) and VMware vCloud Director (1.x, 5.x)
Senior design engineer responsible for technology movement and future state use cases.
Design and deployed of build automation workflows utilizing vCenter Orchestrator, PowerCLI, and scripting in the vMA.
Design of some self-service portals for both deployment and troubleshooting for the Support Team (Tier 1-3).
Management and troubleshooting at a high level of customer SaaS, IaaS, and PaaS environments.
Senior Systems Engineer
June 2011 to June 2012
SavaSeniorCare Administrative Services - Houston, TX
Design, deployment, maintenance of North American network and virtualization infrastructure. Utilizing VMware vCenter Orchestrator to provide a self-provisioning portal for VMs and physical hosts. Automation of typical daily tasks within the infrastructure with various scripting and other orchestration tools.
HP server and blade server hardware deployment/management.
HP EVA and MSA storage technology administration (iSCSI/FC/NFS)
VMware vSphere virtualized infrastructure.
Lead design and implementation of migration plan and complete redesign of VMware vSphere infrastructure across the enterprise.
Migrating from vSphere 4.x to vSphere 5.
Responsible for infrastructure design for a virtualization footprint of 200 remote locations, Houston Datacenter, and Atlanta Datacenter.
Lead migration of enterprise-wide virtualization initiative.
Design, planning, and implementation of the virtual infrastructure.
Currently the Senior consulting engineer for all enterprise and facility infrastructure design and maintenance.
Lead engineer for management of virtual infrastructure based on VMware vSphere (4.x, 5.x) Senior design engineer responsible for technology movement and future state use cases.
Was the lead engineer for anything automation. Multiple tasks automated with the use of shell scripts, PowerShell/PowerCLI, Python, and some VBscript.
Senior Network Engineer
February 2010 to June 2011
J.B. Poindexter & Co., Inc - Houston, TX
Design, deployment, maintenance of global network and virtualization infrastructure. Implementation of automation to provide SaaS and IaaS options for the company utilizing vCenter Orchestrator, PowerCLI, and various other scripting tools.
Cisco network switches, routers, and ASAs.
IBM, HP, and Dell server hardware.
IBM, QNAP, EMC, and NetApp storage technologies.
VMware vSphere virtualized infrastructure.
Spearheaded design and implementation of migration plan and complete redesign of VMware vSphere infrastructure across the enterprise, virtualizing roughly 90% of the server infrastructure company-wide.
Heading up design of migration plan from Windows Server 2003 Active Directory to Windows Server 2008 Active Directory.
Lead migration of enterprise-wide virtualization initiative.
Design, planning, and implementation of the virtual infrastructure.
Currently the Senior consulting engineer for all enterprise and local business unit infrastructure design and maintenance.
Co-lead of team migrating business units from Citrix to VMware ThinApp and Microsoft RemoteApp to free them from the double licensing costs of Citrix.
Automated daily tasks in the Linux-based environments through the use of shell scripting and some Python scripts.
IT Infrastructure Architect
July 2009 to February 2010
Handy Hardware Wholesale, Inc - Houston, TX
Design, deploy, and maintenance of a multi-region distribution company's network and server infrastructure.
Designed multi-site replication topology for disaster recovery and business continuity.
Virtualized server infrastructure utilizing IBM BladeCenter S and VMware vSphere 4.0.
Deployed Microsoft Active Directory as there was no directory services previously implemented.
Migrated company from Lotus Notes/Domino e-mail setup to Microsoft Exchange 2007.
Managed infrastructure from the desktop to the network.
Designed and implemented many of the current IT policies now in place.
Implemented a security policy and remote access utilizing Cisco ASA5505 and Vyatta Routing Appliances.
Designed, deployed, and maintained infrastructure consisting of Microsoft and Linux Operating Systems.
Automation of daily tasks in Linux environments through use of scripting.
IT Infrastructure Architect/Engineer
May 2008 to July 2009
United States Bowling Congress - Arlington, TX
Design, deploy, and maintenance of multi-site network and server infrastructure. Creation of automation of host deployment in a blade environment, mainly IBM blades.
Design of multi-site MPLS network to support moving tournament sites.
Design and maintain the supporting server infrastructure for Bowl.com running on RHEL5 with JBOSS Application Server and Apache front-end and IBM DB2 and MySQL backend.
Received 2009 COMMON/IBM Innovation of the Year Award for Power/Energy Efficiency for design and implementation of USBC Datacenter in Arlington, TX.
Moved organization from Milwaukee, WI to Arlington, TX.
Complete redesign of network infrastructure to support new expansion and growth.
Maintenance and design of VMware virtualized infrastructure on IBM BladeCenter technologies with IBM N-Series storage via iSCSI.
Maintenance and design of Cisco-based network infrastructure utilizing ASA5510's, 3750G-POE, and 4507's.
Deployed and maintained Cisco IPT Phone System, running CallManager 7, Cisco Unity, and other IPT pieces.
Supported infrastructure that consisted of Microsoft Windows Server and various Linux variants.
Senior Systems Engineer
January 2008 to January 2008
Neospire, Inc - Dallas, TX
Design and implementation of infrastructures consisting of RedHat and Debian servers.
Designed and maintained many High-Availability LAMP and .NET web infrastructures.
Administration and design of Apache web servers and Microsoft IIS web servers.
Administration and design of Tomcat/JBOSS web infrastructures.
Designed supporting web infrastructure for the Dallas Cowboys, Dallas Stars, and Sean Hannity, among others.
Management of Microsoft Windows infrastructures ranging from Windows Server 2000 to Windows Server 2008.
Management of Microsoft Exchange Servers ranging from Exchange 2003 to Exchange 2007.
Design and deployment of Debian and Redhat servers supporting custom web applications and static content.
Director of Network Operations
January 2003 to January 2008
Alchemy Communications, Inc - Los Angeles, CA
Designed and maintained over 3,000 Linux and Windows servers. Dealing with the day-to-day operations in regards to datacenter operations of two 20,000 sqft. datacenters.
Implemented load-balanced LAMP farms for customers like Lionsgate Entertainment, Warner Bros, Los Angeles Lakers, MySpace, Facebook, and many others.
Directed a team of 40+ network and 20+ system engineers in a 24/7/365 Network Operations Center split into two separate datacenter locations.
Designed new 20,000 sqft datacenter near LAX for expansion of availability for our customers.
Designed self-healing web infrastructures running against Apache, MySQL, and other web technologies.
Designed LAMP infrastructure for Lionsgate Entertainment to support traffic for movie websites.
Maintained multiple flavors of Linux servers in both virtual and physical deployments.
Lead Engineer for VMware virtual infrastructure deployments for both Alchemy and their clients.
Deployed and maintained multiple Microsoft Windows infrastructures, supporting web, e-mail, and content streaming technologies.
Delivered loadbalancing solutions utilizing Foundry Network.
Consultant
January 2000 to January 2003
ConceptSystems, dba - Denton, TX
Consulted for different projects for various clients.
Projects ranged from design and implementation of SMB networks to large scale infrastructure design and deployment.
Designed and implemented WLAN for REMAX office in Grove, OK spanning three building and over 5,000 sqft.
Implemented many SMB networks for various companies throughout Oklahoma and North Texas.
Regional Network Manager
January 1997 to January 2000
Anixter, Inc - Lewisville, TX
Maintained 5 separate physical locations with over 200 users per location.
Assisted in the design and execution of migration plan from Windows NT to Windows 2000 on the workstation and server ends.
Developed and lead plan for deployment of helpdesk and remote management capabilities.
Assisted with the design of the LAN/WAN of many of the US sites.
Assisted with the design and deployment of Active Directory throughout the organization.
Education
Associates of Arts : Information Technology - Networking, 2012
University of Phoenix - Phoenix, AZ
Articles/Blogs/Features
vSential - Personal Virtualization Blog (http://www.vsential.com)
VMware VMTN Blog – vExpert Spotlight. (http://vsn.tl/va8FOo)
VMware vCenter Orchestrator Blog - Listed as Unofficial Resource (http://blogs.vmware.com/orchestrator/2012/09/vco-thoughts-from-vmworld-2012-in-san-francisco.html)

Additional Information
vSential.com virtualization blog is ranked among the Top 125 Virtualization blogs on the Internet by vSphere-land.com.
Build Your Own Now
