SENIOR PROGRAMMER | JAVA SE PROGRAMMER


	Lead programmer with a track record of incorporating user and business requirements into cost-effective, secure and user-friendly solutions known for scalability and durability.


	Knowledge of commercial and open source software/database engineering tools, design techniques, CASE tools and security standards.


	Proven leader and project manager; drive system architecture decisions and lead projects from concept through the release process.


	Innovator of next-generation solutions, systems and applications giving companies a competitive edge and producing outstanding results for customers.

Technology Summary
Java, C, C++/CLI, Python, Visual C++, MySQL, J2EE, C, JavaScript, AngularJS, JQuery, Bootstrap, CSS/LESS/Sass, ActionScript, Perl, PHP, VB.Net, SQL Server, ASP.Net, HTML, XML, SAP, ActiveX, Unix, Linux, AIX, Windows Server 2016/2012, Mac OS X
Professional Experience

ABC COMPANY -- Sometown, NY
Lead Programmer, 2009 to Present
Develop, maintain and support application programs for administrative, Web and mobile systems using Java and related tools. Analyze code for system testing and debugging; create test transactions to find, isolate and rectify issues; and manage a team of three programmers.

Accomplishments:

	Reengineered multiple systems that fueled improvements to productivity, efficiency, uptime and accuracy for global business operations. Developed code, system design and test/QA plans for all solutions and often coordinated the national or international rollout.


	Led, architected and participated in the design, testing and deployment of client/server, multitier applications, ActiveX and related components.


	Developed new procedures for requirements gathering, needs analysis, testing, scripting and documentation to strengthen quality and functionality of business-critical applications.


	Developed large-scale, portable, thread-safe and ultra-high performance foundation and application infrastructure libraries.


	Trained and mentored junior programmers in programming methodologies and best practices.


	Delivered back-office tools supporting ecommerce initiatives, enabling company to compete more effectively in the marketplace through search-engine optimization.


	Served as a core group member in defining and prioritizing technology investments for the next two years, ensuring the alignment of process, technology and business objectives.


	Conceptualized, planned, launched and currently chair the Cybersecurity Committee, a company-wide group focused on improving security of the business’ information infrastructure.

DEF COMPANY -- Sometown, NJ
Lead Programmer, 2005 to 2008
Led programming tasks including enhancements, maintenance and support for clients’ applications and interfaces. Engineered software products, handling complex analysis and intricate programming to meet project requirements.

Accomplishments:

	Led solutions engineering that involved process automation, macro conversion and functionality enhancement. Replaced time-consuming, error-prone manual processes with elegant, automated solutions.


	Developed and implemented cross-platform, Java-based POS system. Completed project under budget and three weeks ahead of deadline.


	Coded new solutions that increased availability and scalability by 45% and 75%, respectively.

GHI COMPANY -- Sometown, NJ
Programmer II / Programmer I, 2004 to 2005
Help Desk Analyst, 2002 to 2004
Progressed through promotions, culminating in responsibility for Web-based application programming within high-volume setting. Became adept in analyzing code for system testing and debugging.

Education & Credentials
ABC UNIVERSITY -- Sometown, NY
MS in Software Engineering Candidate

DEF UNIVERSITY -- Sometown, NJ
BS in Computer Information Science
Certifications:

	Oracle Certified Professional Java SE Programmer (OCPJP)

Recent Seminars:

	Enterprise Java Development


	Java SE 7 Fundamentals


	Java for Mobile Devices


	C++ Programming: Concepts, Design and Implementation


	Windows Programming Using Visual C++


	Advanced Workshop in Object-Oriented Analysis and Design


	Project Lifecycle and Project Management Master Class

Volunteerism
Little League Coach (Sometown, NY), 2014 to Present

PTA Secretary (Sometown Elementary School), 2015 to Present

Active Volunteer, Special Olympics, 2005 to Present

