Karen Brown
Dayjob Limited
The Big Peg
120 Vyse Street
Birmingham B18 6NF
England
T: 0044 121 638 0026
E: info@dayjob.com 


PERSONAL SUMMARY

A technically minded professional who has extensive experience of operating multipurpose, multi-tasking computer systems. Karen is someone who will always make the most efficient use of a computer and its peripheral equipment. She has the ability to install and configure software, administer user accounts, and manage disk usage in any fast paced and multi-faceted working environment. In her present role she uses remote tools to monitor computer systems and respond to incidents, and has a comprehensive understanding of remote Data Center Operations. On a personal level she possesses a calm and unflappable attitude, and is more than willing to learn new skills. Having superb communication skills means she responds quickly to requests for assistance in a professional and courteous manner. Right now she would like to join an ambitious company that is looking to recruit talented Computer Operators.


CAREER HISTORY

COMPUTER OPERATOR – January 2010 - present
Employers name - Coventry
Responsible for operating computer systems and performing preventive maintenance tasks on tape drives, disk units, printers and other IT related hardware.

Duties;

Monitoring the operation of various servers, hosts systems and network components.
Organising the data centres security and maintenance requirements.
Performing 2nd line support duties.
Retrieving scratch tapes.
Communicating with system users to identify, explain and resolve problems.
Resolving user problems by answering questions and requests.
Notifying senior managers of any equipment malfunctions.
Making sure there is uninterrupted power supply to the computers, working air conditioning and that first rate security systems are in place.
Performing all data processing duties in an accurate and timely manner.
Diagnosing and correcting equipment malfunctions.
Using a computer console to process and complete jobs.
Cleaning, adjusting and making minor repairs to computer equipment.
Providing first-level support following established procedures.
Carrying out regularly scheduled uploads or downloads of data.
Operating and maintaining computer associated peripheral equipment.
Assisting users with software and hardware problems.
Determining the scope of any computer problems and then prioritizing them accordingly.
Ensuring that all data is secured and there are no breaches of confidentiality.
Maintaining records of computer and system downtime.

TRAINEE COMPUTER OPERATOR – May 2008 - January 2010
Employers name - Birmingham

CASHIER – July 2007 - May 2008
Employers name - Birmingham


KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES

Professional

Basic understanding of remote Data Center Operations.
Good general knowledge of IT.
Ability to pick up new skills quickly.
Able to accurately follow oral and written technical instructions.
Remaining abreast of the latest computer technology trends.
 
Personal

Excellent interpersonal and customer interface skills.Reliable and dependable.

AREAS OF EXPERTISE

Systems Administration
Server Support
Server Backups


ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS 

Central Birmingham University – Computing Degree 2003 - 2007
Aston College - HND 2001 – 2003
Coventry School; O levels Maths (A) English (B) Geography (B) Physics (A)


REFERENCES 

Available on request.
 
