Vinay Kumar
E-mail: vinay..........@gmail.com
Mobile: +91-90..........

Experience Summary

-3 Years experience in Android Application development.
-Worked on 12+ successfully delivered projects for reputed clients - Video Alive Wallpaper, Yellow Flag, Nova Caf?, Taxi-booking, Spinner's Club, Truth and Dare ,All Grown Up, Beer Pong and 

currently working on.
-Expertise in developing Internet/Intranet Applications with Web Services (json.xml).

Work Experience

Company: ABC......

Work Duration: Jun 23, 2010 - Till date
Location: MUMBAI
Job Title: Assistant Consultant

Key Projects

Project#1: Video Alive Wallpaper
Description: Video Alive Wallpaper is a unique application in android market. Video Alive Wallpaper set the video (any video available in your device) as wallpaper. Its Installs: 100,000.

Project#2: Truth and Dare Game

Description: Truth & Dare is a fun party game for a group of single and multiple players of all ages. Whether you are in elementary school or college, this game is fun for everybody. You'll 

love this tantalizing taste of game. You can play it with family, friends & children. You can reveal the truths of your friends. You will laugh together when your friends will do the funny 

'dare'.

Project#3: Wasted Beer Pong: Wasted Beer Pong is a game in which players select random cards and have to do the task which he/she got from selected card.

Project#4: All Grown Up: All Grown Up application is period tracker application for women. User can set period date, date of birth and notes in calendar. User can track periods days, fertile 

days, and heavy flow days by a colorful grid calendar. In this app user profile has next period date, remaning day to next period, fertile days starting date, date of birth and many 

information of user .User can save all data in his account on server and retrieve.

Project#5: Yellow Flag

Description: Yellow Flag is the first dedicated social football application integrated across multiple platforms - including mobile (iPhone/Android) and desktop applications. Using Yellow 

Flag, fans can socialize, track and comment on college and pro football games in real time - from anywhere in the world.

Project#6: Taxi-booking

Description: Using this app you can search and book taxi at any location. You can find nearest taxi location on map and save 5 favorite location in your app for further use

Languages

-Core Java, C, CPP

Development Tools( IDE)

-Eclipse 3.x

Utility Frameworks

-JSON, GSON

Markup Languages

-HTML, XML , CSS, JavaScript

Database Explored

-Sqlite

Operating Systems

MS-Windows 95/98/NT/2000/7.

Education

MCA (70%) from P..... University
BSC (69.81%) from CCS University
10+2 (56%) from UP Board of School Education
10th (54%) from UP Board of School Education.

Disclaimer: Here I certify that information mentioned above is true to best of my knowledge.
