LINDA H. GRANGER
DIVERSIFIED ... ENTHUSIASTIC ... CAREER ORIENTED 
942 Shower Lane Drive, Sun Valley Heights, AL 33453 
(206) 577-8869 | (206) 656-3324 | lhg.granger@email.com

 

INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY | SECURITY SPECIALIST

Seeking to build the foundation of an exciting career in Law Enforcement, with a focus on the application of Information Technology (IT)/ Information Security (INFOSEC). Particularly adept in the art of small group instruction; combined with the ability to effectively apply data management principles in support of office organization and administrative functions.

Automated Data Management
System, Network, Operational Security
Application Design/ System Analysis
Testing/ Implementation/ Integration
Systems Life Cycle Management
Program/ Project Development
Innovative Methodology/ Analysis
Business Policies/ Procedures
Internal/ External Relations
Customer/ Client Service
Coordination/ Collaboration
Dynamic Team Building/ Leadership

ACADEMIC & PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

BACHELOR OF SCIENCE - INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY 
Sun Valley University, AL

Phi Kappa Phi Honor Society/ GPA 3.7/ Dean's List 
Sun Valley University, AL

Certified Archery Instructor/ Volunteer/ Scout Leader Trainer 
Boy Scouts of America

Computer System Operations-Troubleshooting/ Patron Research Assistant 
Sun Valley Equestrian Center, AL


INTERNSHIP/ PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Federal Law Enforcement Training Center (FLETC), Arlington, VA (Dates)
Volunteer - Computer, Financial, Intelligence Division

Accepted into the highly selective, competitive FLETC College Intern Summer Program.
Analyzed, evaluated, assessed the performance or operating methodology of forensic software.
Studied the use of computer software and information technology principles in the application, management and support of law enforcement.
Assisted law enforcement staff and instructors with administrative or office support in efforts to advance the mission of the FLETC.
Established working relationships and identified professional contacts through interaction and networking initiatives with staff, instructors and law enforcement trainees.
Participated in and observed basic training classes and activities designed to develop and promote the growth of future law enforcement candidates.
Developed an understanding of the overall function of the Criminal Justice System, law enforcement terminology, security applications, and the positive impact to society.
Interacted with mentors and representatives of the FLETC in the performance of day-to-day operations, while identifying career development opportunities in law enforcement.
Board of Education, Forrest Hills, VA (Dates) 
Instructor/ Substitute Teacher

Instrumental in providing an educational foundation designed to enable students to develop confidence, self-direction and a life-long interest in learning.
Fostered the development of communication, citizenship, and personal growth in the provision of curriculum through emotional and educational support, and guidance.
Established viable working relationships in culturally diverse environments with teachers, administrators, parents, staff, students, and community representatives.
Adhered to and ensured compliance with the  regulatory guidance, policies and procedures as set forth by the institution, local, state and federal agencies.
Assisted in teaching students in grades ranging from Kindergarten to 12th grade.
Implemented lesson plans for a variety of subjects, assisted students in completing assignments.
 
