Objective
To impart quality education with emphasis on Information Technology Engineering and to rectify IT problems in minds of concerned one’s, which they can apply in their professional life.
Skills set
Excellent interpersonal skills
Excellent written and verbal skills
Confident
Patience
Academic Experience
3 years experience as professor in JM College in Pune
2 year experience as assistant professor in KN College in Satara
Key Responsibilities Handled
Conducting lectures and preparing the material for graduate and undergraduate students.
Researching on different subjects and submitting the research papers to the education management committee.
Participate in student recruitment, registration, and placement activities.
Collaborate with colleagues to address teaching issues.
Serve on academic or administrative committees to deal with institutional policies.
Acting as advisers to student organizations.
Participating in campus and community events.
Compile bibliographies of specialized materials.
Write grant proposals to procure external research funding.
Preparing and delivering lectures to undergraduate and graduate students on topics such as programming, data structures, and software design.
Keeping abreast of developments in their field by reading current literature and participating in professional conferences.
Initiate, facilitate, and moderate classroom discussions.
Planning, evaluating and revise curricula, course content, and course materials and methods of instruction.
Providing a guidance to the students for developing their career as well as making them familiar with different career opportunities.
Advising the assistant teachers and new candidates for making them efficient in their work.
Carrying out the managerial as well as administrative duties, i.e. serving as the head of department and representing the University Chairing Committee.
Preparing teaching material and utilizing it for the progress of students.
Helping the professor for creating the material for students.
Managing the class of students in absence of the college professor as well as motivating students for having desired effects.
Analyzing the material for the students and providing them guidance on various aspects of the subjects.
Utilizing the skills and qualities by assigning work to the students.
Helping the students for completing their project works.
Elective Subjects Studied
POST GRADUATE
Advanced database
Internet Systems and Security
Mobile Technology
Network security
UNDER GRADUATE
Cyber Law
Data mining and warehousing
Certificates
Worked for the ISO 90** - 20**(E) Certification for the College
Worked for the NBA Certification for the Department
Personal Details
DOB: 12/09/19XX
Languages known: English, Hindi, Kannada and Marathi
Hobbies: Horse Riding, Swimming and Singing