Tabitha Dupree
31 Spear Street
Enfield, CT 06082
Home: (860) 533-9511 
Cell: (860) 806-6088 
[email]
EXTREMELY KNOWLEDGEABLE DATA SCIENTIST
PROFILE
Very well-educated data scientist candidate with excellent statistical knowledge and the ability to identify fine points of data in a sea of information. Well-versed in spreadsheets, statistics, and scientific research. Able to process new data quickly and communicate it effectively to lay individuals.
EDUCATION
MASSACHUSETTS INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY, Cambridge, MA
Bachelor of Science in Statistics, 2014
Relevant Courses
Data Mining
System Identification
Data Modeling
Econometrics
Statistical Consulting
KEY SKILLS
Professional Skills
Data analysis
Data evaluation
Statistics
Econometrics
Mathematical models
Communication
Microsoft Windows
Mac OS X
Linux
Mid-Level Professional Resume

The majority of data scientist candidates have a few years of experience in this field but have not reached the level of “experienced professional” just yet. In this case, develop your resume with an eye on specific skills that differentiate you from other potential candidates. Using the data scientist resume sample provided below as a guideline, lead with your unique and fascinating professional qualities before delving into work history.

Dean Watson
34 Cannes Road – Enfield, CT 06082 – (860) 983-5561 – [email]
DATA SCIENTIST
Strong statistical knowledge and analytic ability
Knowledgeable and detail-oriented data scientist with multiple years of experience utilizing statistical models.
Broad scientific and mathematical knowledge with ability to apply learning to real-world situations.
Excellent communication skills.
Strong organizational and time management abilities.
EXPERTISE
Statistical analysis: Create and modify statistical models, noting their efficacy and the limits of the data provided.
Data interpretation: Monitor study results and interpret data in a manner which provides clarity and an undeniable conclusion.
Communications: Communicate detailed statistical and scientific findings to lay individuals.
EXPERIENCE
Insight Developments (Enfield, CT)
Data Scientist, 10/2013-Present
Acquire and analyze business data. Create statistical models based on researched information in order to provide conclusions that will guide the company and the industry into the future. Coordinate with team members to create impactful analyses and forward-thinking strategies. Communicate with executives and managerial staff regarding data findings and potential new technologies.
University of Rhode Island (Kingston, RI)
Data Scientist, 12/2011-10/2013
Conducted experimental modeling using computation programs and eye-tracking research. Coordinated a team of five other scientists and research assistants. Performed regular research and gathered new statistical evidence at every opportunity. Communicated with deans and departmental heads regarding findings.
EDUCATION
Master of Science in Statistics, University of Rhode Island, 5/2011
Bachelor of Science in Statistics, University of Rhode Island, 5/2007
Experienced Professional Resume

Gaining many years of experience in this field is an impressive feat by itself, so your data scientist resume can afford to emphasize work history at this level more than you would have at an earlier stage in your career. By this time, many data scientists, such as Ms. Kane in the data scientist sample resume presented below, have acquired a master’s degree or PhD in this field. If you have not done so, you need to make sure you put every effort into emphasizing your scientific and statistical knowledge.

Lana Kane
860-959-6321 | 44 Midfield Lane | Enfield, CT 06082 | [email]
Experienced data scientist with strong analytical abilities.
DATA SCIENTIST
Highly organized and efficient data scientist with an in-depth knowledge of research and statistical knowledge. Innovative and capable of developing new solutions and interpretations. Strong communication skills and able to teach new methods to those who are willing to learn.
CORE COMPETENCIES
Statistical models – Comprehensive scientific research – Reporting software – Data analysis – Rational and denormalized
databases – Spreadsheet management – Scientific communications – Team-building – Interpretation of new and 
unexpected information
Professional Experience
DATA INTERPETATIONS, INC. – Enfield, CT
Developing comprehensive analysis methods and research models.	2009-Present
MASSACHUSETTS INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY – Cambridge, MA
Provided high-level institutional research and data development	2008-2009
MASSACHUSETTS INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY – Cambridge, MA
Offered strong research insight and analysis.	2007-2008